Will Dowd  0:00  
All right, so what? Okay, please describe your professional background and education.

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   0:08  
This is

Will Dowd  0:09  
for

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   0:09  
Neville Head School System High School. Took courses over Marion Court, raised six children. That's an education in itself, and I volunteer for huge little louder, I volunteered for different things. I feel like I'm a good Marblehead.

Will Dowd  0:31  
Yeah, what Marblehead town positions appointed or elected in volunteer work have you done, and for how long?

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   0:37  
Well, I served on the recreation bar, several years later, 13 years isn't, and then I was on the cemetery for six years in a month, but definitely 13 and a half, but I volunteered at Star to see for different things, I volunteered at the Tungsten Aidan. Volunteer taking great care of grandchildren forever. What are

Will Dowd  1:10  
the primary issues motivating your candidacy?

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   1:13  
Oh, well, the young man, the young man that did not finish his term, his wife wanted to buy a house, and a house, and they had to move to Salem, so he resigned. And I thought, I know I've been there, and I like to clean up some things. The pool gets trash thrown in. I don't even think they filled it with water this year. Yep, and that could be used as some grave lots.

Will Dowd  1:40  
Why should voters elect you?

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   1:42  
Oh, because I'm not like that elected senator from Massachusetts. I'm available anytime they want to watch me. I'll either be at the Driftwood, the muffin shop at local that church.

Will Dowd  2:00  
Yep,

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   2:01  
find my car by the town.

Will Dowd  2:04  
What's here of the override? Do you support, and what about the trash collection override? Do you support the fee or the override for trash collection?

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   2:14  
Well, I support number one, because if we don't have it, we need the council agent coming along, and my age bracket is so active there. I mean, they're not going up to Waterside Cemetery, it keeps them busy.

Will Dowd  2:31  
What about trash collections? Would you rather have it as a fee or as an override?

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   2:38  
How would it go in the override,

Will Dowd  2:41  
so the override would be you. It would come by basically, you would, it would be paid for through your tax bill, not a special fee.

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   2:49  
I wonder if that would be better.

Will Dowd  2:50  
So, which

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   2:51  
one? Maybe coming through the tax bill.

Will Dowd  2:55  
Okay.

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   2:56  
What do you think?

Will Dowd  2:58  
I, that's not my thing

Will Dowd  2:59  
to say.

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   2:59  
I gotta leave it kind of blank.

Will Dowd  3:02  
Okay, veterans, veterans plot capacity has been flagged as an immediate concern. How would you decide where the next plot should be located, and how soon they should need to be in the ground?

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   3:13  
Well, when they die,

Will Dowd  3:16  
yeah, but, but what about like, like expanding the, the.

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   3:19  
I hope that's the other concern, wasn't there to talk about it tonight. I hope they get going on it soon, because we need it.

Will Dowd  3:27  
Yep,

Rose Ann Wheeler McCarthy   3:27  
they filled it, but if they get rid of that mess up they ever pulled, that's awful.

Will Dowd  3:36  
Town town meeting referenced an initial 40,000 phase to rebuild or collapse stone boundary and stabilize a historic build site using original materials. How would you sequence preservation needs given the cemetery department's 10 worker staff and limited capacity capital to try and keep them? That's why we have to have the overlay, so we live like that. We have to have the name on you. Okay. Thank you so much, Rose. Now, if you want to stand here.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
